Oh.
This is the last... last time.
We...
We can't be roommates who have sex.
Lots of roommates have sex.
Yeah, they're called married couples.
Sorry.
Do I have to go in to work?
Well, at least you didn't cry like a baby
in front of the entire station.
I don't want to go either.
Jack, you're not defined
by the worst thing you did,
but you do have to own it.
Yeah, but...
Why does it got to be Maya?
Well, she did you a favor
by not firing your ass.
Chin up, roomie.
Well, that's one way
to get to know me better.
I find it is the fastest way.
I thought you left.
Do you want me to?
No.
Jackson.
Nothing they teach you
in school means anything.
She's 4 days old.
Oh, always reject
the first hotel room they show you.
You're probably just
a smiling shape to her.
And this one is important...
never, ever send your food back
at a chain restaurant.
Okay. I have something important
that you could tell her.
What?
Her name.
Can we decide on one, please?
I want her to meet my parents ASAP,
especially my mother,
who hasn't returned any of my calls
since becoming a grandmother.
So, what am I supposed to tell them?
"Uh, Mom, Dad, please meet
our daughter... TBD."
"TBD-ee."
Okay, well, great bands
don't just pick a name
out of thin air.
You know, they wait for
something cool to happen
and say, "Whoa. That's the name!"
I'm gonna go for a run.
Oh, great idea.
- You know where you should run to?
- Mm?
The store. For formula.
TBD needs to eat.
But you got two stores right here.
I've already iced them.
This store is closed.
O... kay.
Right. I'll be back.
Warren. Big day.
Yeah, big day.
Mm-hmm.
Sir, uh, I was
taking inventory of my supplies.
There's a discrepancy.
In what?
Fentanyl.
Yeah, um, three vials are missing.
You counted.
We counted, actually. Um, both of us.
Well... need to file a police report.
Fentanyl is a dangerous Schedule II drug.
Yeah, it is. Um, um...
Of course, you know, I report it,
Dixon will shut down the PRT.
Oh. Like, immediately.
That's true.
But you got to do the right thing...
especially if you think
someone stole narcotics.
Yeah.
I don't know, maybe I...
maybe I just counted wrong.
Well... count again.
I will, sir.
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
Just keep that in mind.
Chin up. Own it.
My nose is broken.
My nose is still broken.
The PRT will be here in a few minutes,
as will Chief Dixon.
Thank you all for sticking
around for the picture.
Gibson, Vasquez, a word?
Can you two work together?
I have discretion here.
This doesn't have to go
to Sullivan or Dixon.
Why don't we start with an apology.
Okay.
Do I need to kick this upstairs?
Do I need to suspend you both?
Tell me.
I apologize.
I crossed a line.
I'm man enough to own it.
Vasquez, your turn.
Come on.
Fine.
I apologize to you, Captain Bishop,
for hitting him while on duty
and not waiting until after hours.
- Vasquez.
- That's all I've got, Captain.
And that's all I need.
You can go.
Whoo, whoo!
It's here, it's here, it's here!
She gets like this when we get towels.
Ah! Ah-ha-ha!
- Hey-hey!
- Huh?
Huh? Come on.
Whoo!
Huh? Thank you.
Means a lot to me that you're all here.
And, uh, oh, I-I want to introduce you
to the honorary physician.
So, does it turn into
a hospital, like a Transformer?
No. It is a hospital.
Oh, yeah, but where is
the crappy cafeteria food
and the smell of sadness, huh?
Very nice, Warren.
Very nice.
This will make page 3 or 4 of local news.
O-Oh, we're doing that? Okay.
Okay.
19, like you to meet your newest probie.
Now, don't be fooled
by his pretty-boy looks.
He's tough as nails.
Don't be afraid to put him
through the wringer.
Hey, guys, uh, it's great to be here.
I'm, uh, Emmett... Emmett Dixon.
And, uh, yeah, it's nice to meet you all.
It's my son. The firefighter!
All right, come on.
I got five more minutes.
Uh...
See you got a second wind.
Well, I feel good,
and I want to make a difference.
Well, good.
I prefer that to making noise.
Do me proud, boys.
Can you do me a favor?
Um, would you go easy on my kid?
He may not be a natural,
but he's a hard worker.
He'll get it.
Of course.
Herrera?
Hey, uh, I w...
I need to know how you're doing.
The blizzard...
it was... an emotional night.
Yes.
- I'd never delivered a baby before.
- Right.
And..my dad...
Yeah.
Warren's little show put us behind,
so I'm... I'm gonna go.
Andy.
Um, it matters to me how you are.
If there's anything I can do, just...
Uh, thanks. I'm okay, Chief.
Well, it's gonna take me a couple of days
to learn what all these things do.
Oh, you don't have to learn
what all these things do.
We covered the bases
- when we went over sterile technique.
- Yeah.
Look, I'm a surgeon,
and I've got a certified
registered nurse anesthetist.
Where is she? Ah, there she is.
Pruitt Herrera, Claudia Flores.
_
And I was his boss,
so I'm very surprised to hear that.
I'm gonna finish checking the equipment.
Um, look, I'm gonna need you
to assist in surgery as necessary,
and, uh, you know, drive.
Mm, so, I'm a glorified chauffeur, huh?
Structure fire response.
Possible aircraft crash
for Ladder 19, Engine 19,
PRT 19...
...Engine 23, Aid 19, and Aid 23.
Aircraft crash? Like a plane crash?
- Reported injuries at Conifer Plaza.
- First time for everything.
Move faster next time, Probie.
You're on desk duty now.
Man...
I didn't see that coming.
What happened to you?
Um, I... I have
this nerve thing in my leg.
No, no, Bob, your moral compass.
I must have tried 30 times
to make you have a second beer,
and look at you now...
literally shooting up
in your own firehouse.
It's... It's pain.
- It's real. I mean...
- Hey, hey, whose pain isn't "real"?
Surely you're starting to get that.
And even if you do everything perfectly,
follow every rule by the letter,
life still hands you
some pretty bitter lemons.
But you just keep that bitter face on.
What a waste.
You see, all you need is what
you've always needed, Bob...
more sugar.
Please don't tell anybody
that I got excited
- by the words "reported injuries."
- Hmm.
Well, I'd be excited, too,
if I could find the siren.
There is a siren, right?
Of course there is.
It's... It's right, um... It's right...
Do you want me to make a siren sound?
You know, um, the owner of Grey Sloan
is the best urologist in the country.
I-I could set up a consult.
Good God, my daughter got to you, too.
Well, she cares about you, all right?
And so do I.
Well, then stop it.
I'm starting to wish
that your wife had lied,
"It's benign.
See you in six months."
Then we'd be talking about
how bad the Mariners suck,
like normal people,
and I could die in peace.
Well, I'm just telling you,
you have options.
Well, then stop it.
On Saturday, there was a blizzard.
Today it's 70.
At this rate,
the world will end before I do.
Well just changed the diaper.
- It was... messy!
- Ugh.
Oh, well, you have to check
all in her vagina for poop
so she doesn't get an infection.
- Eeee.
- What?
Uh...
My mom referred to my sister's situation
as her "cookie."
You are not serious.
- Yeah.
- Okay, "cookie" is unacceptable,
and "situation" is worse,
because, "A," that's how girls
get repeatedly molested.
- Whoa!
- Because they'll say,
"Someone touched my cookie,"
and no one will know to call the cops.
And, "B," if you had
referred to my "situation"
when we first met,
we would have never done
the things we did to make a baby.
Okay, no. I-I mean, yet... it's diff...
Erase. Erase.
You are such a prude.
Whoa. I am not a prude.
- I'm not.
- Dean, try to keep
your sense of humor, okay?
Parenting is hard.
Like, every mom on Insta is all,
"Oh, look at my perfect tiny person,"
but they're not showing you
pictures of the spit-up
or the screaming
or the rock-hard, giant milk balls
that used to be perfect boobs
or the stretched-out labia.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
You're right. I'm sorry.
It's hard.
Dean, you have a daughter.
You have to learn to be okay
with naming her parts.
Look, I'm fine with her parts.
Say "labia."
No.
What are you gonna do
when she gets her period,
- pretend it's coming out her butt?
- What? No.
Would you stop, please?
Okay, baby, one more piece of advice...
don't ever date a guy
who can't say "labia."
You two better have your mess handled.
I'm not gonna die today
because you can't keep it
in your turnouts.
We're good. Brothers.
Right, Vasquez?
The city pays me.
They say ride with you, I ride.
Um, hello?
Hi. How are you?
Do you work here?
No. Do you?
Yes, and I'm not sure that
you're supposed to be here.
I'm probably not.
Actually, definitely not.
Okay, well, would you mind
leaving, then, please?
Why?
Does someone need the bed?
No, it's just that
this is a fire station.
Oh, I know.
That's why I come here...
for the shower and the bed.
Sidewalks get hard,
and the shelters are overcrowded.
Look, I'm not gonna tell you again, okay?
Damn, I miss pillows.
We have two sites here! Let's move!
Cutler, Cruz,
head to the food-truck area
across the street.
Everyone else, we have got to
deal with this gasoline leak.
Set up a containment boom!
Keep that gas out of the street!
Wait a second.
- The call was an aircraft explosion.
- Yeah?
Well, where's the plane?
Let Search & Rescue figure that out.
Our job is to shut down that pump.
Montgomery!
Emergency shutoff's been
damaged. I can't stop it.
Okay, we need to get
that truck out of here.
Where's the driver?
Would the driver of the
fuel tank please step forward?
There's nothing on the news
about a missing plane.
Would the driver of this fuel tank
please step forward?!
- Go look for keys.
- All right.
Captain, I don't think we know
what we're dealing with.
Hughes, what's your status?
Driver must have taken the keys.
Get out of there. Fire's at your feet!
Listen up!
Montgomery, Hughes, Olson, Reese,
you're with me at the gas station.
Herrera and Vasquez,
deal with the fires by the food trucks.
Aid 23, assist with patient care.
Don't you need my help here?
I need you to put out the small fires
so we don't have sparks
re-igniting the gas
once we get it out.
I also need you to stop questioning me.
Gibson?
Yeah, I'll go help Herrera and Vasquez.
Reese, you're on the deck gun.
Hit the tanker.
Keep it cool until we get
the phone line up.
Everyone else, pull hose line for foam.
That tanker could blow. It's...
Could blow if the temp hits 500 degrees.
Get me the thermal imaging camera.
We should evac
and let it burn itself out.
There are underground tanks.
If the tanker blows,
the whole block is a mushroom cloud.
Get me the camera now.
Go deep, Rigo. I got this.
Make way, make way!
Jack, don't push it.
We're good. I got this.
Chin up, right?
What do you got?
Uh, looks like a bunch of small injuries.
Can you jump in on those
while I take care of the fire?
Yeah, yeah, of course.
I'll, uh... I'll help where I can.
Can I help?
Looks like you already have a job...
playing doctor instead of
- getting treatment for your cancer.
- Andrea...
You know, there's a drug trial at U Dub.
They need volunteers.
Half the people get a pill
that make them sicker.
The other half get a sugar pill.
No, thanks.
You'd be helping people and science...
both things you love.
Which is exactly why I joined
the Physician Response Team.
But, this way,
I get to spend more time
with my daughter,
instead of half the day
with my head in the toilet.
Yeah, real quality time here, Dad.
Oh, my God.
Did you tell Sullivan?
Did he know?
Is that why he didn't make me Captain?
How about we work now, talk later?
Hey, w-what are you two doing there?
What we should have done
a lot more of a lot sooner.
Why? You gonna tell on us?
You gonna write us up, Chief?
No, but this is a slippery slope.
If you love someone in your firehouse,
you... you may lose judgment
and the morale of the company,
and lives are at stake.
People may die.
You can't let yourself love.
Hey, hey, if you could stop yourself
from loving who you love...
Then I'd say you're already dead.
And in terms of a slippery slope...
I'd say you're at least
two doses past slippery slope.
What's the temp?!
300 degrees and climbing!
As long as that gas is flowing,
we're fighting a losing battle!
I can stop it.
I already tried. The shutoff's smashed.
No, I'm not gonna shut it off.
I'm gonna clamp it.
That pump is in the middle
of a lake of burning gasoline.
We'll keep throwing
a blanket of foam on it.
Every step she takes through that foam
exposes the burning gas to air.
It will flash over.
Not necessarily.
Your boots will be soaked
in gas, your turnouts.
- All it takes...
- Make it a thick blanket.
I'll be fine.
Get the clamp.
First things first.
You take the top corner,
and you fold it down like that,
and you place the baby on top of it...
...and then...
and then you take the left side
and you bring it over...
...and you strangle the baby
until it can't breathe anymore.
Are you paying attention?
Yeah, it's like folding
a burrito. I get it.
You don't make your own
burritos, so just show me after.
Look, why do I need to know
how to do this if you do?
Well, because I'm not
always gonna be here,
and sometimes you will have to swaddle.
Look, I'll just look it up on YouTube.
See how much she likes it?
Look, you should call your parents.
Why? Because they can help.
Look, they have money
for night nurses and nannies.
I'm not asking my parents
to pay for a night nurse.
- Why not?
- Because we're fully capable
of taking care of this child ourselves.
Disagree.
Chimichanga.
What?
Well, we're fighting
about making a burrito,
but burrito is a stupid name.
Chimichanga, though...
Absolutely not.
It's cute! We can call her Chimi.
No.
That's enough!
Hey, hey, go slowly.
One step at a time.
The diesel mixed with water
is very slick.
Whenever you're ready.
Hey, I'm here, right behind you.
You take a step, I fill it in.
I'm not gonna let it re-ignite.
Okay.
Just another 20 steps to go.
Okay, it's off!
Now head back the way you came,
nice and slow!
Okay.
Aah! Aah!
Run, Vic!
Run, Vic! Just run!
Run! Vic, run!
Run, Vic! Run!
- Get out! Just run!
- Run!
Come on.
Seriously, I don't want
to have to call the cops, here.
Cops don't care.
They're the ones who told me
you guys have showers and beds.
Are you for real?
Young man, Jesus said to feed the poor,
give them the shirt off your own back.
Are you Christian or not?
I mean, I was raised Catholic,
but that doesn't really matter here.
You're really gonna make me
go get the Chief, huh?
You should do what you need to do.
I'm gonna finish my sandwich.
Look, Joe
I really don't want to have to go
and get any of the other guys here.
I'm new. I'm the Chief's son.
And they're gonna think I'm dumb
if I have to ask them
how to get rid of you.
So can you please just do me
this solid and... and...
Firefighter Dixon, I sleep on the ground.
I have painful gout
and no medication for it.
My kids haven't spoken to me
in over a decade.
My last good friend
stole my tent from me,
and the one before that
died right in front of me.
I suffered through a blizzard last week,
and there was no room in the shelter...
a blizzard in Seattle,
which, if anyone were paying attention,
is a terrifying reflection
on the state of the planet.
Everything I just listed
is a real problem.
"The other guys will think I'm dumb"
is not a real problem.
Is this organic?
Fire's out, tanker's cooled down.
Good work.
You okay?
I'm a little gassy.
No.
Oh, wow!
I got evicted.
It's a long story involving my landlady
and a drippy faucet and my...
my poor impulse control.
But I'm out on my ass,
and I haven't found a new place.
But, you know, I sleep at the station
three nights a week anyway,
so I've just been kind of
living at Jackson's place.
But I kind of forgot to tell him.
You know, so I've just kind of,
like, had my stuff there.
But it's not like he notices,
because he lives in a palace.
And I know I really should have told him,
but he's got 800-thread-count sheets
and an espresso machine, so I didn't.
And you know what?
I almost died just then
so, you know, I just felt like
I had to say something out loud.
You know what I mean?
Is that bad?
- It's incredibly bad.
- Y-Yes. That's super terrible.
See, when you die......
and you will die one day,
I can assure you of that...
Bobby, what do you want to be able to say
about your time on Earth, hmm?
That you did a good job?
Or that you loved and were loved?
Can't I have both?
Well, you can, but
It's harder if you get the order wrong.
You see, people, me included,
they think that if you do a good job,
then you will be loved
and will finally have the time to love.
It's wrong.
Work is never finished.
The job is never done perfectly enough.
And meanwhile, the people who need you
and want you and see the real you,
they wait and they wait
and they wait.
I had love.
I had Claire.
Claire would want you to be happy.
And Claire is gone, my friend.
You... You are not gone.
Not yet, anyway.
I think I have a problem.
I know you have a problem.
What are you gonna do about it?
I-I don't know what to do about it.
It's not surprising.
You were good at almost everything...
except asking for help...
which may be your downfall.
Irony can be ugly. Am I right?
I'm really high.
And I'm still hurting.
Hurting is living.
_
Well, if you can't get it
in your first language,
I'm never gonna reach you.
Well, where are you going?
I need to get out of here.
- I need to get...
- It's time to let go, my friend.
It's time to change your life.
All of it, from the top down.
These chances
don't come around every day.
And if you don't take it, well...
you may end up just a vision
in someone's drug-addled overdose.
Overdose?
- I didn't know she was your wife.
- You didn't know.
You didn't know the first time.
- How about after that, brother?
- Look, I tried, okay?
I tried to stop.
Yeah, so, you're saying
that she forced you?
- No, I'm not. I'm...
- So, what?
What, Gibson, huh?!
What?!
What, you were too weak?
Too pathetic?
Couldn't stand up to a lady?
Or what's the matter, huh?
Mama didn't love you?
What is it?
I don't know, but...
n-none of this stuff looks like
it's part of a plane.
Are there any tech campuses around here?
Sure, bunch of math nerds
with food allergies.
They work for that billionaire guy
who wants to send people to Mars.
Gibson?
Gibson, do you copy?
All right, please just talk to me, man.
Gibson, Vasquez!
- What do you want from me, huh?
- We're fine, Herrera.
We don't need a babysitter.
You want me to hit you again?
Is that it?
You want me to beat the guilt out of you?
I just want to know we can work together.
What are you worried about, Gibson?
That I'll leave you
in some burning building
and yell "Clear"?
It crossed my mind.
As long as you're on my team,
I got your back,
because that is the code I follow.
And unlike some people, I honor my code.
Jack, it's not an airplane.
It's a rocket.
We need Hazmat.
Vasquez, stand down!
- Vasquez!
- This is Hazmat!
That's not smoke!
It's liquid oxygen!
Hey! Get your hands off me!
- Push them back!
- You okay?
Let's get all these people out of here!
I'll get Warren.
Warren! Warren!
Just breathe, okay?
God, getting the knife-mobile.
It's that bad, huh?
All right, you're gonna be okay. Just...
Just lie still and don't move.
What's this? What's that I feel?
- It's just blood.
- Is that my insides?
It's just blood. Just take deep breaths.
Eyes on me.
On you?
Right here.
Hey, hey! Hey. Hey.
I can't look at you.
When I look at you, I see my wife.
Rigo, hey, hey! Hey!
Rigo... what do you want to do to me?
I want to... I want to kill you.
Good. Keep going. What else?
I hate you.
I always have hated you.
What else? What else do you
want to do to me, huh?
I... I want you to suffer.
I want you to feel what I feel.
Hey, hey, Rigo! Focus! Focus!
Eyes on me! Hey!
Hang on so you can smash in
the other side of my face.
Son of a bitch.
- What happened?
- This is what...
Explosion. He's been eviscerated.
I'm holding pressure
to keep the intestines in
and bleeding.
Ready?
- 1... 2... 3.
- 2, 3.
Down.
Yeah, we got this, son.
1, 2, 3.
Please.
Let's get him in the truck.
Transporting Rigo Vasquez
to the PRT for immediate surgery.
What happened?
Penetrating injury to the abdomen.
I'll know more once we open him up.
Chief?
There's a homeless guy out here
who won't leave.
I really need you out here, Chief.
We're losing him.
This may sound crazy,
but I need you to put your hand
in his abdomen.
What?
Insert your hand in his belly
as far as you can,
until you can feel his spine.
Uh...
Good.
Move your fingers to the right
just a tiny bit.
Can you feel something pulsing?
Yes. Barely.
Okay, the tube is in.
That's the aorta.
I need you to press down on that
as hard as you can
to stop the bleeding.
We have a Hazmat situation here, Captain.
- Call it in.
- What happened to Vasquez?
Did you hear what I just said?
Yes, and I want to know
why one of my people
is bleeding on the PRT.
This isn't from an aircraft.
It's from a rocket explosion.
Gibson warned Vasquez to stay
away. Vasquez didn't listen.
- Gibson and Vasquez...
- Should never have been out here
together.
Now is not the time.
Call in Hazmat, or I will.
I need a full Hazmat response
at Conifer Plaza.
Have all units stage
west of the gas station.
B.P.'s still dropping.
Get me a REBOA catheter.
We're gonna stop
the bleeding into his abdomen
by blocking the blood from going there.
Where is it? Naloxone, yes.
Still falling.
Almost there.
I just need to measure
to see how far we need
to put the balloon in
to take the place of what your
finger is doing on the aorta.
You know this kid?
Yeah, he's one of mine.
I recruited him out of junior college.
I was there when his father passed.
What's his name?
Rigo.
Come on.
Okay.
You can remove your hand from his belly.
Still falling.
Almost there.
Ben! It's coming up.
Okay.
Yeah. Now what?
Now you drive.
Come on, Dad.
Ugh! Ripley!
Um, no, sir, i-it's Emmett.
Emmett Dixon.
I'm pretty sure you O.D.'d, sir.
He didn't listen.
- Yeah, we know.
- And why is that?
Because our Captain
put you out in the field
with someone who recently
smashed your face in.
That's my call. I stand by it.
You stand by it?
Vasquez could be dead right now,
and you stand by it?
They said they could work together.
But, Maya, you're the Captain.
You decide who can work together,
not the other way around.
- Herrera.
- Andy!
This isn't her fault.
Everything is the Captain's fault.
Good or bad, that's the job.
The job you wanted.
The job you fought for. The job you took!
That's right. It's the job I took.
You have all been disrespectful
and insubordinate.
You have questioned
every single one of my decisions,
which costs us lives and costs us time.
You don't like that I'm your boss now?
Request a transfer.
But every single one of you
needs to get in line
or get the hell out of my station.
Are we clear?
Yes, Captain.
We're clear.
Herrera, contact Rigo's wife.
Gibson, try to get me an update.
The rest of you, get back to work.
It's my fault.
Yeah, we know.
This place runs on trust.
And when trust is broken,
there are consequences.
As you can see.
Yes, sir.
I have a prescription for the medication.
One of the side effects is dizziness.
Got it.
Mm-hmm.
I appreciate you coming to check on me.
I'm lucky you found me when you did.
Even if you were overly cautious.
Anytime, sir.
Dismissed.
So, when are you gonna tell Avery
- that you're squatting in his penthouse?
- Oh, I don't know.
I was thinking maybe never,
'cause he's a doctor
and he should have figured it out by now.
Right?
So glad I'm not straight.
Shut up.
Seriously, though, are you okay?
Hey, man, how was your first day?
Uh, yeah, interesting.
I, uh, had a homeless guy walk in
and kind of just camp out.
Hmm. Just like you're doing at Jackson's.
Oh, wait, was it Joe?
- Yeah, Joe.
- Yeah, he's a regular.
He comes in when the trucks pull out.
Right.
So, uh, Sullivan, he's, uh...
He's a lot.
- He's a lot.
- Oh, he's intense. Yeah.
Yeah. Definitely intense.
Yeah. Oh!
You know what? Wait.
Travis, you should tell Probie
about when Sullivan
stopped talking to you
'cause you got that weird haircut.
Didn't tell me you were a firefighter.
You didn't ask.
Hi.
What are you doing here?
I saw Warren at the hospital,
and he said it was a tough day,
so I brought you lasagne.
You can't just come to my work.
- W-Warren just said I...
- Carina, you're hot,
but all we did was hook up.
I don't need a girlfriend.
Wow.
Okay. Um...
My apologies.
It was nice meeting you, then.
I'm sorry.
I'm...
Rude?
Broken?
I'm not in the habit
of fixing broken people,
so...
I understand.
The lasagne smells almost as good as you.
Does it?
Hey, I need to talk to you.
Vasquez?
No, no.
No word on Vasquez yet.
I, uh...
There's something I-I need to say to you.
Why is it so hard for you?
What?
The truth.
That you gave my promotion to Maya
because you knew about my dad.
And you kept it from me,
which makes you a bad boss
and a worse friend.
Yep, I did do all of that.
Andy, I'm in trouble.
And I don't know who else
to talk to about it.
But you are who I want to talk to,
because I'm in love with you.
And I've been in love with you...
feels like forever.
And I'm failing at it.
I'm failing at loving you.
I'm failing at protecting you.
I'm failing at being your boss.
I'm failing at being your friend.
I'm...
I'm sorry.
And I... And I want to talk.
Can we... talk?
I can't be angry at my dad,
because he is dying.
But you're perfectly healthy.
What we're gonna
do is just sauté the spinach first.
You want to probably add
half a shallot in there.
- Hey.
- Oh, hey.
Sorry I woke you. Go back to sleep.
Sorry about before, okay?
I was just tired.
- We're both...
- It's okay.
No, I know you've been
cooped up in here all week.
If you want, we can take TBD
to the park or something.
I was reading earlier
that it's really important,
these first couple months,
to stimulate the baby's senses...
Keep reading and watching.
W-What are you doing?
Leaving.
You're leaving with the baby?
No.
Wait, you're leaving us?
You're... You're gonna leave her?
Hey, okay.
Hey, look, I'm... I'm... I'm sorry.
I-I-I, uh...
I think this is just... just hormones.
I didn't mean anything I-I said before.
I was never planning to stay.
I wanted her to know you,
and I wanted to give you the choice.
You can give her up for adoption
if you want,
but I don't think you will,
'cause you're such a good guy.
Look, you are gonna be such a good dad.
You're way more cut out
for this than I am.
I'm not.
I'm... Hey, I'm really not.
I-I-I can't do this.
- Hey, tell her I love her.
- JJ, you can't...
Tell her I know myself too well.
Look, I won't be a good mom.
JJ.
Tell her to look me up
when she's 16 or 17
if she wants,
because I can hang with a teenager,
but not a baby.
Please. Hey, please, please,
please, please, please, please.
Just for a second, just wait.
Okay?
I've seen you with her.
I see the way you... you look at her.
Your face lights up.
Everyone's face lights up
when they look at babies.
I am not a mother.
Look, you don't want me in her life,
trust me.
Please.
Give her a good name, Dean.
And give her a good life.
Hey...
I'm...
I'm coming. I'm coming.
Hey.